the reality is it's just looking in the
mirror and telling yourself the story
that you want I mean and a lot of people
tell the story that everybody else wants
them to tell right so the marketing
message is so young girls right now I'm
fat I'm ugly my hair's not long enough
it's not blonde enough it's not brunette
enough my hips are too big they're not
big enough whatever it is right the
story is being told from out here and
then you're bringing it to you what you
have to do is tell the story you want
and so for me I didn't want to be the
kid that didn't have a dad didn't have a
mom that was abused it was you know
living in poverty that's not the story I
wanted I wanted to be the powerful
person I wanted to be the one that
people looked up to I wanted to be the
person that that was respected with his
friends not made fun of with you know
his classmates so I just started telling
that story over and over in the mirror I
mean it was as simple as that and then I
started with the auto telling a new
story about I'm that kind of me yet
instead of I am a for example troubled
youth right I was told that all your
just your trouble to us so we need to
help you and I'm like no I'm not a
troubled youth like I'm I am a youth
right so let's get rid of the word
trouble I'm a happy youth I'm a playful
youth I'm a successful youth like put
the word fill the word in there that you
want and if you believe the word trouble
and much like the stutter thing then
that's what you are right you're just
perpetuating that stereotype or that
conversation more and more and whenever
I did that whenever I wish I have my
moments of weakness work I would try and
try and then fail and as soon as I'd
start like just kind of okay you know by
you just like everything like grumpy and
just like all right I'm just going to
give up that's when my life became worse
and worse and I started making worse
decisions and then I started realizing
like wait if I just keep pushing over
here it's hard hard as hell there's no
easy answer to this there's no like okay
well every morning at six o'clock you
know wake up and meditate for ten
minutes and tell yourself you're
beautiful and then go like it's not it
doesn't work like that it's a constant
battle and you're going to have moments
of complete and total defeat where it's
just like what am i doing like why do I
keep trying to do this and make for me
again we're just reminding myself of I
want these happy moments I want to have
this life and and so it just it started
to perpetuate little things that I would
see like a new friend at school or a
relationship or you know it's
- like blossom into different things and
then with the business it would be oh
wow like I can go and sell and I can do
and as soon as I started like seeing
just a little bit of progress then that
motivated me for the next the next and
just build and build and build and I'd
still say I'm building like I still have
issues but it's just focusing on that
that different conversation telling a
different story and the story you want
and that's the first thing I tell use is
like look don't look at my story don't
look at someone else's story what's the
story you want and that that's a really
simple question but it is such a
difficult question for these kids to
answer with all the different things
coming at them from all the different
angles all the different marketing
messages their parent messages the world
messages movies all this stuff breaking
down what they want a lot of them have
no idea because they've never thought
that even a pasta to
[Music]